speak there galerinha that human and bringing
always gta5 once more in the depths
of the ocean there is doing those missions
secondary properties of that property that I
I bought you do not see previous
Look what I found on the show background.
better position here
Look, it 's a flying saucer.
I think it's one of the hotels they have
prevented the game from several say it has
from theo
about the same analyst is himself
play lobby
she's one more dick from here I tried
explore this part but without much
success it looks only at the location of the
where the map is to zoom in on the
stop only has this street below I took
as parameter and upload what I have and has
an island on the left then one has to
more or less this distance and
More or less, it's a little tricky.
too much
That's where you're going to find this flying saucer.
I find nothing special about him or
Nothing line at all.
close to 100 for a submarine to give
a better exploited just now has taken a
soothing plunges so only one
flashlight and a snorkeling equipment I
I do not know but I had the impression that I
I already managed to dive with the flashlight.
before but I do not know how to ascend
Now let's turn the smoke and the show
only give an advance on the video floor
Super fast
look there work there andrea bessa
good here she is mine and I want to show a
another stop was just one but one thing
I found in ocean digging there there
just below those properties allied
where I bought the one from the submarine in
one without it, it is easier to
find strange that submarine
plunge back into the depths
Our waters are very cool right?
Look, there's only one plane here in the background.
one more of today's nintendo
found it
I found this different from the others I had
since I'm only always in pieces and
maybe he seems to be older no more
time on the seabed seems to be good
more time
If I went to give a forced what
I found it was a briefcase and the grain
baby and only this
This was the desing I hope you have
I like to leave you with the
mascara